# CS370Current-EmergingTrends
## Briefly explain your work on this project: What code were you given? What code did you create yourself?
Some of the work I did on this project was completing the qTrain function to train our model to complete the provided Pirate game with a 100% win rate while ensuring it could solve the puzzle from the whole board. Portions of the qTrain function were provided, such as the formatting time and the outputs; I completed the nested loops portion to train the model efficiently so that it would eventually reach its goal. 
## Connect your learning from throughout this course to the larger field of computer science:
### What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter?
Computer scientists are experts who have a deep understanding of how computers function. They are dedicated to researching and developing innovative algorithms, software, and infrastructures to improve computer systems and solve complex problems. These issues can vary widely, from calculating trajectories for launching a rocket into outer space to aiding individuals in filing their taxes to optimizing the efficiency of a processor. Computer scientists are constantly creating new models and theories to tackle emerging challenges in the field.
### How do I approach a problem as a computer scientist?
As a computer scientist, I approach problems by identifying them and what they give me. Based on that, I will try to figure out an efficient solution to getting the answer I need, and I think of that solution process by process. In the case of this assignment, I approached the problem by allowing it to play the game over and over, and based on every move, it received feedback. While the model was still actively training, especially in the early stages of training, I wanted it to explore more versus trying to predict the correct move. As it had more attempts, it would try to predict its next move more. This would push it to fail more, learn what was incorrect, and understand what it needed to do to win more. 
### What are my ethical responsibilities to the end user and the organization?
A computer scientist has many ethical responsibilities. IEEE's code of ethics is an excellent guideline for this. It outlines a set of principles for professionals to support ethical programming by preaching values such as prioritizing the well-being of society, ensuring the safety and reliability of systems, avoiding potential harm to individuals, and maintaining a high level of accountability, honesty, and integrity. 
